---
author: tim
comments: true
date: 2008-03-19 02:15:00+00:00
dsq_thread_id: '119944994'
layout: post
linked_list_url: ''
slug: ressurection
title: Ressurection
wordpress_id: 101
categories:
- Code
tags:
- gpowered.net
---

Hi all,  
  
I've been away for a while and for this I apologize. It's been a combination
of work, real life, and traveling (both for work and for fun). Since my last
post I've been to Tokyo, Southern Ireland, Paris, London, and Colorado, the
longest stint being in London where I was working for a while. Check out my
photos below.  
  
A lot has happened in my absence. At the top of my list are
[Android,](http://code.google.com/android) [Open
Social](http://code.google.com/apis/opensocial), the [Social
Graph](http://code.google.com/apis/socialgraph), and many many more. Just this
morning RIM released an eclipse plugin for their IDE (the original one was a
royal pain to get working on Linux). Expect me to try to get some Google API's
running on it quite soon ;-)  
  
I'm toying with changing the format of the blog slightly: less articles, more
content in each post. I would love to do a couple of posts each day like I
used to but with work I just don't have the time. I work on [Lehman
Brother's](http://www.lehman.com) Brokerage Calculation Engine, and believe
me, it never sleeps.  
  
I do have quite a few projects in the works though and I'll be posting about
them soon: I want to try to get Google Bookmarks into a BlackBerry app,
another side project to track online social web presence, and another
involving [twitter](http://twitter.com/broderboy) (which i joined a little
while ago) and gChat. Should be fun, stay tuned ;)  
  
[![](http://lh4.google.com/timothy.broder/R7oQM3bLe9E/AAAAAAAAQyw/3s0RxCSXkeU/
s160-c/Ireland.jpg)](http://picasaweb.google.com/timothy.broder/Ireland)  
---  
[Ireland](http://picasaweb.google.com/timothy.broder/Ireland)  
[![](http://lh6.google.com/timothy.broder/R7oW0XbLjZE/AAAAAAAARFI/NV_hA4idkxI/
s160-c/Paris.jpg)](http://picasaweb.google.com/timothy.broder/Paris)  
---  
[Paris](http://picasaweb.google.com/timothy.broder/Paris)  
  
  
[![](http://lh4.google.com/timothy.broder/R7oyA3bLn1E/AAAAAAAARTA/1AHidVMV82c/
s160-c/London.jpg)](http://picasaweb.google.com/timothy.broder/London)  
---  
[London](http://picasaweb.google.com/timothy.broder/London)  
[![](http://lh6.google.com/timothy.broder/R-B2C6mnXuE/AAAAAAAARlg/aDtJJCZj-fU/
s160-c/VisitingSeanInColorado.jpg)](http://picasaweb.google.com/timothy.broder
/VisitingSeanInColorado)  
---  
[Visiting Sean in
Colorado](http://picasaweb.google.com/timothy.broder/VisitingSeanInColorado)

